Update the list of modules that can be excluded from build (#12213)
godotengine/godot-docs: engine_details/development/compiling/optimizing_for_size.rst

If this proves not to work for your use case, you should review the list of
modules and see which ones you actually still need for your game (e.g. you might

> want to keep networking-related modules, ``tilemap`` for 2D levels/maps,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
want to keep networking-related modules, tilemaps for 2D levels,
```
Although, I would put something more on the same "league" as RegEx would be. I'm not sure. E.g.:
```suggestion
want to keep networking-related modules, HDR support,
```

Author: Sure, I guess since the sentence doesn't need to change that much, although I personally think tilemaps need to be mentioned, lol. I'll wait to see if any other module shift occurs before doing anything, though, to see if there's something more appropriate that comes up.

Reviewer 2: "HDR support" might be understood as [HDR output support](https://godotengine.org/article/hdr-output-arrives-in-godot-4-7/), but what `module_hdr_enabled=no` actually does is disabling import of Radiance HDR images (`.hdr` extension), typically used for panorama skies.

Author: I guess that makes sense, since I thought it was weird that it was totally supported in core and yet HDR was a module. That would make the module more niche, I guess. So is the tilemap explanation alright then?

Reviewer: Yes it is alright.
